updated getting_started in flax docs (#2684)
google/flax: docs/getting_started.md

stacking layers—you can define the inlined submodules directly within the
`__call__` method and wrap it with the
[@compact](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/flax.linen.html#compact-methods)

> decorator. For information on the ```@compact``` decorator, see [```setup``` vs ```compact```](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guides/setup_or_nncompact.html).

Reviewer: Suggestion:

- In Markdown, maybe a single back tick would be enough 🤔  Though ``` seems to work.
- Add "guide".
- Maybe we can also remind users that these are part of the Flax Linen API, since "setup" etc are common terms/words.

```suggestion
decorator. To learn more about the Flax Linen `@compact` decorator, refer to the [`setup` vs `compact`](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guides/setup_or_nncompact.html) guide.
```

LMKWYT!

Author: Thanks for the suggestion @8bitmp3! I added it in.

  more about
  [PRNG chains](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/design_notes/linen_design_principles.html#how-are-parameters-represented-and-how-do-we-handle-general-differentiable-algorithms-that-update-stateful-variables)
  and

>   [JAX PRNG design](https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/jax-101/05-random-numbers.html).)

Reviewer: Good catch! Maybe we can also add the Sharp Bit about PRNGs:

Example:

```
, [JAX PRNG design](https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/jax-101/05-random-numbers.html),
and
[RNGs and state in JAX (in 🔪 JAX - The Sharp Bits 🔪)](https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notebooks/Common_Gotchas_in_JAX.html#rngs-and-state).
```
